[Autogenerated] There are many options available for training,
including AWS instructor led training, A swell as various online options,
including Pluralsight.
I will compare AWS instructor led training to using
Pluralsight as a learning option.
Since you're watching this video,
you're most likely already a Pluralsight subscriber.
So you already have access to all of our great resource
is to help you learn AWS as far as, the AWS official courses go.
The material is presented as though it matches the certification.
The problem is,
when you go to those classes and you talk to the instructor
because I personally attended a class,
they'll tell you that the class will only give you
about 50 to 60% exam coverage.
Those classes are focused on foundations and not on specific aspects
of the exam that you may or may not already know.
If you are already familiar with the product and have been using AWS,
these classes can be really helpful because they can
help you solidify your mental model.
They're also very expensive.
You know, you could spend $1800 are more on these classes,
takes three days of your time, so you'd be out of the office.
Most likely they do have online offerings as well, but it's it can be.
It's not for everyone,
and it's also the problem is your access to the resource is the labs.
Etcetera will be limited to class,
so may or may not be a good option for everyone.
Another option is Pluralsight Pluralsight.
Training videos will give you a very high level of exam coverage.
If you can learn at your convenience, this is a great way for you.
If you're one of those people that's disciplined,
URL I can sit down and take time out of your schedule to learn things.
It's a way to go because the S3 exercises or the videos
are relatively short and you can go back and re watch
them as many times as you want.
I personally use Pluralsight videos when I was preparing for some of my AWS
certification exams and it worked really well for me.
Having examined both options, we can now compare them side by side.
The Pluralsight option is gonna be really hard to beat because of its
flexibility because of the exam coverage and the cost.
Even though the Pluralsight option worked great for me,
it may or may not work that way for you because it required me
to have discipline and time management to get through all the
materials and feel confident with what I learned.
If you happen to be one of those people who lacks discipline than the
rigor of being in class might work better for you.
But you will still have to fill in gaps due to the lack of exam
coverage from AWS instructor led training.
When you're ready to take that step toward training,
then I would recommend you start with Pluralsight.
Since you already paid for a subscription,
watch a few videos, go through some of the demos and see how it works for you.
Like I had mentioned earlier, that worked well for me.
Pluralsight was very beneficial for me for passing my AWS certification exams.
Even if you read all of the AWS documentation,
watch a bunch of videos and learn all the theory.
It's only going to take you so far.
Hands on experience is critical to mastering AD DS and
ultimately being able to pass the exam.
So why hands on Well,
hands on is gonna help you take concepts that you've
learned about AWS and put them into practice.
It's not only going to help you prepare for the exam,
but it's gonna help you towards your goal of achieving AWS mastery.
Even in the AWS training classes,
they clearly state that the best preparation for certification
is hands on experience with the product.
We're gonna briefly discuss three options available for you to gain some
hands on experience with AWS after discussing these options,
will take a deeper look at quick laps, and I will do some demos for you as well.
I will show you how to set up an account in quick labs,
and then I will show you how to navigate quick labs
and find some interesting labs.
And finally,
we'll talk about some custom projects that you can also do
to help you as part of hands on training.
Let's briefly discuss using the AWS free to your account with the
Pluralsight demos to provide hands on experience using AWS.
So what is free tier by itself,
Free tier can be a bit overwhelming because it does
not provide you with any direction.
However,
when we combine free tier with our demos that are performed by the
instructors and Pluralsight training videos,
we can usually follow along as they're doing their
demonstrations in our free tier accounts.
Free tier offers free use of many AD DS services,
and it's automatically applied when you create a new account.
Some of the free services will expire after 12 months.
Others will continue indefinitely.
After that,
setting up free tier accounts is discussed in other Pluralsight courses,
so we will not be doing that here.
Rather than just trying to use free tier by itself or
watching an instructor performed demos.
A much better approach is to combine the two.
Use your free tier account along with the Pluralsight videos.
Having your own account can have risks associated with it as well.
Because a free tier account is not some restricted type of account.
It is a full AWS account with no restrictions whatsoever on it.
You're just getting discounts on billing and,
in some cases free access to certain services.
But not everything is free.
Something's are just discounted, and some things may not be discounted it all.
So it is possible to run up a large bill within AWS.
It's very important to make sure you understand the resource Azure
deploying and make sure they fall under the free TLS ID lines.
The other issue that comes up with free tier is that you have to
manually set up your resource is and any underlying
infrastructure for the services you wanna use.
For example, if I wanna work with I am policies and see how they impact access,
then I'm gonna have to create some.
I am.
Resource is, I may have to create some users.
I may have to create some groups.
I'm have to create some roles.
I may even have to create some policies if you Wi-Fi
following along with an instructor on a video.
He may have done this in an earlier video,
so he's assuming these things were already set up,
so it makes it harder for you to watch videos out of order.
The other issue that comes up is that when you're done,
you have to manually clean up.
Your resource is so you're gonna have to make sure you make a
careful note of what you created and what you deployed so that
you can go back and clean those up.
Otherwise, you may incur costs for those.
Resource is,
she's really important to be careful with us While this is a great option,
Azure AWS skills increase my recommendation in the
early part of your learning Azure.
Still building your mental model and you're trying to understand
a W s and getting familiar with the services that this is
probably not the best way to practice.
Once you've developed some of the skills and you feel more comfortable in AWS,
this is gonna be by far the best way to learn because it's unrestricted access
and you can do anything that you want to in your AWS account.
Through this,
using free tier along with Pluralsight demos is a great way to learn.
And it can really help you get off to a good start because you've got an
instructor there that's gonna walk you through demos,
those types of things.
However, doing this alone is not gonna help.
You have enough to achieve mastery.
There is a very powerful tool called quick labs that can take your
learning to the next level because it has in depth labs.
I highly recommend this to anyone trying to master AWS.
So what is quick labs?
Quick Labs is an online learning environment,
along with a set of instructions think lab God that walks you
through live real world and scenario based use cases.
What are the advantages of quick laps?
Well, quick labs is performed in a sandbox environment,
so the expenses are controlled.
You're not using your own AWS account.
You're using an account provided to you by quick labs,
so you don't have to worry about these.
Resource is that you've been using, so it helps you control costs.
Secondly, Quick Labs offers two ways to pay for labs.
There's an option to purchase credits, which can be used to by labs,
and labs will vary anywhere from one credit up to like 15 or more,
so they can get rather expensive.
But there's a better way to do that.
There's a monthly subscription that lets you do is many labs as you want,
and repeat them as many times as you want during that 30
day period for the monthly subscription.
In my opinion, the monthly subscription is the most cost effective way to learn,
as long as you're actually using it, because a lot of people,
they sign up for it and they get busy and forget about it.
So they're spending 50 bucks a month for the subscription
that they aren't really taking advantage of.
I don't recommend you keep it for a long term.
My recommendation is as you've gone through all the Pluralsight
training and you're ready to take your skills to the next level
and a and test your mental models.
Purchase a month subscription with quick labs,
go through, do all of the labs, theirs quests within quick labs.
And I'm gonna show you this in a demonstration.
But these quest our exams specific,
focused objectives that walk you through the other great thing
about quick labs is automatically set up.
Resource is so I don't any supporting resource is that if we did it ourselves,
we would have to set up a swell.
It does all that for us.
So we're able to do complex labs that happen to do a bunch of extra stuff.
This then allows us to focus on learning objectives because quick
labs is built around specific learning objectives.
So if I'm learning about lifecycle policies and S3 I can focus on that
and not have to focus with creating all these I m policies and rolls
and users and all of that kind of thing,
quick labs also makes use of many as well as expensive.
Resource is so there's some labs, you know.
It'll be 10.
Resource is to get deployed.
Well, if you did that yourself,
some of these things may not even be on free tier.
So you're gonna run the risk doing yourself of the cost.
You also won't have the luxury of having a lab.
God, there that walks you through the process with using these resource is.
And that, like I said, is the real power of quick laps.
It is a lab God.
Finally, quick labs will automatically tear down.
All of the resource is that were created during the activity.
So you don't have to keep track.
Oh, yeah, I deployed this resource.
I deployed this resource.
No, you don't need to worry about that.
And there's some features a native yes, that you cannot perform with quick laps,
For example, AWS organizations and sub org's.
That's one example of a feature you can't really do in a quick labs account,
but you can do those types of things in your own account.
But for the associate level exam, you don't have to worry about those features.
Every exam Objective-C for the associate level exam has labs to cover those materials to test your learning model.